the middle splits is difficult to learn
for a couple of reasons you have to be
consistent over a long period of time
between 6 to 12 months depending on how
flexible you are and that's with
consistent stretching it took me around
two years to get there because I wasn't
very consistent number two it's not very
simple meaning you can't just go out to
your middle split in fact right about
here it starts to hurt that's because
you need to learn how to externally
rotate so it's not just about pancake
flexibility it's also about pigeon
flexibility or your ability to
externally rotate an extreme example
would be getting your foot behind your
head if you combine those together a
really good pancake and external
rotation you should be able to get far
enough to get to your middle splits
without pain stay Flexi